you
zero with devil hoops Kyrie Irving Nolan
Smith Duke stars catching up with them
wanted to say hello give you a chance to
talk to defense how's the summer been
since the season ended some has been
great you know just working out I've
been with this guy a lot so you know we
just we just have fun and hopefully the
season starts soon
Kyrie crazy summer for you must be
number one pick all the hype that goes
with it what's it been like taking it
all in
oh it's been fun it's been really fun
you know and I just really enjoying
myself being no one picked was a was a
blessing but now this is where the real
work begins to know you know me and
knowing I've been working hard to
something so what exactly guys been
working on in terms of your game and who
you've been working out with well for me
for me I haven't been really working out
that much just based on when I got
drafted Cleveland I have to rest of my
foot some more so and I just been
chillin just in the gym tracking my body
right now you guys watching any Duke
recruits here who you watching or just
here to hang out I am watching a couple
do recruits I'm with the DC assault
program so I'm coaching the seventh
Center in DC assault but you know I just
I just watch the boys put on a show you
know so he's very good now Duke fans are
getting ready for next year what can
they expect you guys won't be on the
court but tell them about who's gonna
come to play oh that's gonna be a lot of
talent you know you had Austin Rivers of
course Quinn cook Marshall Plumlee Mike
benzaie the freshman then to go along
the guys that are already there Austin
said Mason miles all those guys Ryan
that they have a team that can do some
damage and make it and make a good run
this year now Kyrie your Duke career was
short but I know it means a lot to you
moving forward in your professional
career what will you remember about your
time to do just having fun times with my
teammates you know that's what made my
freshman year that much more special
although I only played 11 games you know
they're my brothers for life and I'm you
know I'm gonna remember my freshman year
forever guys thanks for talking to devil
hoops any last words for Devils fans up
go do
go Duke thanks I don't wear the Arizona
hat
there's only I take it off for the
interview if you want